Web tutorial for Msig Txn (#847)
scale-it/algo-builder: docs/tutorials/t-05.md

> # Algo Builder Web Support for Multisignature Transaction

Reviewer: we already have tutorial 5-7, but we don't have it here. Please move this tutorial to `t-08`.

> The purpose of this tutorial is the demonstrate the usage of Algo Builder Web Package to sign and send a Multisignature Transaction to blockchain network using major Algorand wallets (Algo Signer, Wallet Connect, MyAlgoWallet).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This tutorial demonstrates the usage of Algo Builder Web Package to sign and send a Multisignature Transaction to blockchain network using major Algorand wallets (Algo Signer, Wallet Connect, MyAlgoWallet).
```

### Requirements

> - [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) > v14.11.0
> - JavaScript package manager - either [YARN](https://classic.yarnpkg.com/en/docs/install) > v3.1.0 or NPM which comes with NodeJS.
> - IDE, e.g. [VSCode](https://code.visualstudio.com/download).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Algo Builder](https://algobuilder.dev/) and it's [dependencies](https://algobuilder.dev/guide/README#requirements)
```

- Setup the accounts on [`Algosigner`](https://github.com/PureStake/algosigner), [`Wallet Connect`](https://walletconnect.com/) wallet and [`MyAlgo Wallet`](https://wallet.myalgo.com/). It could be MainNet, TestNet or private net.

## Steps

> You can create a wallet widget to connect to different wallets using our `Wallet Widget`. To add it, follow the steps mentioned in this [tutorial](https://developer.algorand.org/solutions/vuejs-multi-wallet-widget/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this tutorial we will use Algo Builder Wallet Widget to connect to various web wallets. Then we will show how to instrument the wallet to sign a multisignature transaction.
See [Wallet Widget tutorial](https://developer.algorand.org/solutions/vuejs-multi-wallet-widget/) for more details about the widget.
```

### MultiSignature Transaction

To create a msig transaction, you can follow steps from the offical docs of Algorand Foundation to create a [Multisignature address](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/get-details/accounts/create/#multisignature) and [Transaction](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/sdks/javascript/) using it.

> Here is a glimpse of the creating the multisig transaction:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Here is a glimpse of creating the multisig transaction:
```

> To create a msig transaction, you can follow steps from the offical docs of Algorand Foundation to create a [Multisignature address](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/get-details/accounts/create/#multisignature) and [Transaction](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/sdks/javascript/) using it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a msig transaction, you can follow steps from the offical documentation: [Create Multisignature](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/get-details/accounts/create/#multisignature) and [Transaction](https://developer.algorand.org/docs/sdks/javascript/) to use use it.
```

```js
const mparams = {
	version: 1,
	threshold: 2,
	addrs: [account1.addr, account2.addr, account3.addr],
};

let multsigaddr = algosdk.multisigAddress(mparams);
let msigTxn = algosdk.makePaymentTxnWithSuggestedParamsFromObject({
	from: multsigaddr,
	to: receiver,
	amount: amount,
	note: note,
	suggestedParams: params,
});
```

After creating the transaction, you can sign it using different wallets.

1. AlgoSigner<br/>
   We use `connectAlgoSigner()` method to connect the AlgoSigner wallet. Next, we create an instance of the `WebMode` class by passing `AlgoSigner` and the Chain Name i.e the network name. The `web` instance will allow us to sign and send transactions to the blockchain.

```js
const web = new WebMode(AlgoSigner, CHAIN_NAME);
```

> Webmode method `signMsigTxn` expects txn in [`EncodedSignedTransaction`](https://algorand.github.io/js-algorand-sdk/interfaces/EncodedSignedTransaction.html) type. To convert the above created msig transaction, following code is used:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
WebMode method `signMsigTxn` expects txn in [`EncodedSignedTransaction`](https://algorand.github.io/js-algorand-sdk/interfaces/EncodedSignedTransaction.html) type. To convert the above created msig transaction, following code is used:
```

```js
let subsig = [];
for (const address of mparams.addrs) {
	subsig.push({ pk: decodeAddress(address).publicKey });
}
const msigEncodedTxn = {
	msig: { v: mparams.version, thr: mparams.threshold, subsig: subsig },
	txn: msigTxn.get_obj_for_encoding(),
};
```

To sign the txn:

```js
const signedTxnResponse = await web.signMsigTxn([msigEncodedTxn]);
```

> The following screen will popup for you to sign the txn:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below screen should popup for you to sign the txn:
```

Author: I read few tutorials, and I think the already mentioned line makes more sense.

<br/>
<img src="./t-05/assets/algosigner.png" height="500" title="Sign Msig Txn" />

After signing, the response is the object containing blob key, which we can use further to send the signed transaction to the network.
To send the above txn we need to first convert it to base64:

```js
const base64Txn = Buffer.from(signedTxnResponse.blob).toString("base64");
const sendTxnResponse = await webmode.sendAndWait(base64Txn);
```

> The response includes the confirmed transaction response along with txID.

Reviewer 3: we repeat response twice. We should rephrase it

Author: oh yes, will update

2. MyAlgo Wallet <br/>

> We use `connectMyAlgoWallet()` method is used to connect the My Algo wallet.

Reviewer 3: something wrong here

Author: yeah right, updated

```js
   async connectMyAlgoWallet() {
      try {
        let walletURL = {
          token: "",
          server: "https://node.algoexplorerapi.io",
          port: "",
        }
        let myAlgoMode = new MyAlgoWalletSession(walletURL);
        await myAlgoMode.connectToMyAlgo();
        if (myAlgoMode.accounts.length) {
          this.walletAddress = myAlgoMode.accounts[0].address;
        }
      } catch (e) {
        console.error(e);
      }
   }
```

Algo Wallet method `signTransaction` expects transaction in [algosdk.Transaction](https://algorand.github.io/js-algorand-sdk/classes/Transaction.html) type.

```js
const txn = algosdk.Transaction.from_obj_for_encoding(msigEncodedTxn.txn);
const signedTxnResponse = await myAlgoMode.signTransaction(txn);
```

> The following screens will popup for you to login to msig and sign the txn:<br/>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The below screens should popup for you to login to msig and sign the txn:<br/>
```

<img align="left" src="./t-05/assets/myalgo-1.png" height="500" title="Unlock msig" />

> <img align="center" src="./t-05/assets/myalgo-2.png" height="500" title="Sign Msig Txn" />

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img align="left" src="./t-05/assets/myalgo-2.png" height="500" title="Sign Msig Txn" />
```
I think setting like this would better

Author: did the changes

> <img align="right" src="./t-05/assets/myalgo-3.png" height="500" title="Pending confirmation" />

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
<img src="./t-05/assets/myalgo-3.png" height="500" title="Pending confirmation" />
```

The response is the object containing blob key.
To send the above txn:

```js
const sendTxnResponse = await algoWallet.sendAndWait(signedTxnResponse.blob);
```

> Here also the response includes the confirmed transaction response along with txID.

Reviewer 3: same as above

Author: updated

3. Wallet Connect<br/>

>    Perra Wallet currently doesn't support Multisignature transaction signature, thus it's support will be added after Perra supports it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   Perra Wallet currently doesn't support Multisignature transaction signature, thus it's support will be added after Perra wallet supports it.
```
